well plans are wrapping up I've got a
flight to take in about ten hours or so
but I managed to sneak in without
without a producer anything like that
into the studio tonight to carry up a
couple of interviews I'm joined right
now by drinking some Vettius talk about
how amazing g2 is which is I believe
what you guys are saying right before
the start of this interview right yeah
so what'd you miss was us saying that g2
clearly the greatest team after they
almost lost to Latin American north and
not at all completely and totally hard
carried by their top laner who if he for
some reason had fallen ill today they
probably would have gotten three of
that's not no that's just generally I
know what we were saying we were saying
perfect drafts flawless execution
probably guaranteed at least top four at
Worlds at least very good I mean is
there any hope for them cuz that that
last game in particular I was driving
over here and I was like should I just
turn around like is he gonna go to a
game five like I don't understand what's
happening is there any hope for g2 after
that series I mean yeah the problem they
have is that well I mean this isn't the
first time we've seen them have drafting
issues so I'm really concerned why they
keep happening and I mean I'm gonna
speak to them and ask them like what was
the intent behind the drafting game for
cuz I don't really understand but
fortunately they were just better
players which is why they were able to
pull this off and coming into Worlds
they just they need to they need to fix
the drafts they need to have more
options I don't know like they need to
know what to do when wonder can't play a
guitar aatrox and if they don't then
they will struggle but if they go into
Team Liquid group then Team Liquid will
feel very happy I can guarantee you that
I mean for me it's like when Wonder goes
against other world-class top laners how
see is he actually gonna generate the
same kind of advantages that's my big
concern and the other thing is is it
every time we get excited about g2 a new
problem emerges first they like weren't
playing well together and now they're
playing great as a team but now their
drafts are bad and so I'm just wondering
like if they fix their drafts is another
problem gonna pop up from somewhere but
really I think Vettius is right there
like if drafts are fixed EU fans can
hold on to some hope but I'm less than
optimistic let's say well we did kind of
jump the gun I do you want to thank you
both for doing this interview and by the
way this all brought to you by you GG
but I just had to immediately ask you
guys about the g2 stuff because we were
just
coming off of it setting aside the G to
match us now what are your guys's
general thoughts on plans like are we
seeing good matches are we seeing scary
matches or the playing teams just doomed
I mean what what's the take aways as we
start to wrap this up
I think Plains is a lot of fun this year
this is probably the most competitive
Plains we've seen in a while
which is really nice the fact that we
saw so many upsets is great and you can
criticize some of the like major reasons
if you want but at the same time I think
it's really worth praising the
impressive performances they get to see
like infinity did find a really good
fight against EDG I do think the Denison
focus may really challenge cloud nine
and supermassive just read about Class G
two in Game one so I think there's a lot
of positives to be said about the wild
card I'm sorry the playing regions and I
think that they are well on their way to
like every year they get better and
better so I think that it will happen
one of the major regions will get upset
at some point when I don't know but
based on how things are going it will
eventually happen I'm happy with how
much the regions are catching up I agree
with most of what Vidya said I just
think it's like it's special it's
important to highlight Turkey especially
as being just a continuous standout
getting better and better
regionally close to EU so they get I
think pretty good scrim partners and
latin-american North continues to be
impressive when Rainbow seven didn't
show up I thought that they were just
gonna be bad cuz like White Lotus was
the man putting everyone on his back
last year but they were super good and I
think if you are a fan of any of these
emerging regions of any of these smaller
scenes you can be pretty confident that
like when Plains happens they're gonna
be getting games every year now I feel
like instead of it just being like a
one-off upset well that's what I was
gonna ask too is I feel like any of the
anytime the the major regions or the
traditional regions get upset or drop a
game or whatever everybody all those
fans lose their mind they're like what
they're losing to the wild-card teams
and whether or not they've been
rebranded that's what people think of
them as is like the wild-card teams
right and so is it should should fans
feel that bad when their team drops a
game here or there or I mean obviously
they'll feel bad if they ever get the
boot out of worlds from that but should
should they feel upset whenever this
stuff is happening
alright so it's hard cuz in an EU castra
when I see G to drop games to Latin
America North I think a lot of that like
stigma sticks around they're like this
is a worse team and
but by default just based on where
they're from should be a worse team than
you and some of that I think will start
to fade away as this happens more
frequently but it is really hard to
shake the feeling of like oh god we're
so bad we're so bad how do we keep
messing up and I know people in na felt
that way about cloud 9 even when gamble
was playing well and even when infinity
was playing well today and definitely
deserves those wins I think the first
thing in new Europeans mind or European
fans mind is not wow infinity was so
good it's oh god g2 are so bad and I
it's kind of hard to change that mindset
if if you are from EU RNA and you're
watching one of your teams lose there's
similar thoughts from you I mean I think
it's always gonna suck to lose for Gaza
from but I think losing to a wild-card
region I mean it depends on the region
like if g2 lost the supermassive in a
best-of-five I wouldn't feel too bad
about that right just because they look
like a really clean team and I think it
does depend on like this the relative
strength of region and given that I
believe took yet she has three teams and
actually coming to someone didn't think
supermassive was even the strongest team
from Turkey they had RB Road Banat row
bandits that I think would have been
better than them and might have even
perform better so I think like it really
depends on who you're going up against I
think if cloud 9 had lost a best-of-five
to Japan yeah that would be really bad
just cuz of how small the region is and
how they don't have a huge amount of
international success but like losing to
Turkey who've been to Greece multiple
times like you're Brazil had stepped up
I think it really depends on the region
the amount of experience they have but I
mean I think losing always sucks so well
I'd love to hear from both of you there
are a lot of North American fans out
there who they don't feel represented at
worlds this year because their team
didn't make it of course this is the
first year we've ever not had TSM at
Worlds and so I I mean I hear you know
what the North American fans think of
this with the North American casters
think about it but of course it wouldn't
be an interview without me being able to
reference TSM and get those extra views
so what do you the the guys from
elsewhere think about TSM do you want
like a really yeah we could get a really
clickbait answer like you know how dare
you even think the TSM are worthy of an
international stay
age there you go that's for you thank
you that's good but um I mean it's the
first year we haven't seen spendin
mithya worlds - we're sad - you know but
also I think you look at TSM and if
you're a fan of the Oracle
I know it's really tough to watch right
now but you also have to understand that
I would put your fandom of Na above your
fandom for anyone org and TSM looked bad
right and you don't like if if imagine
TSM for some reason got a free pass and
they went into play in so I went on a
world stage and they just lost every
game is that better
like to me that's not better I would
rather see an na team that is qualified
and is looking good for Worlds show up
in win games then you see a team who
wall yes they're a fan favorite is
horrendously underperforming right now
fairly soon your thoughts on TSM so I
mean I think I'm sad this offender
methionine world's I'm sad that that
whole plan didn't work mainly cuz I have
a really good relationship with his fan
he's been a huge part of like helping me
get smarter and he answers like he's
super friendly - he lands like any
League of Legends question regardless of
how dumb it is seriously but the thing
about TSM as well is that this roster
has been together for an entire year and
they had an opportunity to go on points
in the same way that a hundred thieves
did but they just weren't as consistent
and in the way our system works
consistency is rewarded and the
opportunities that they got given they
didn't capitalize on and they have no
one to blame but themselves so well just
suck the TSM didn't go they also didn't
earn it and while people can be upset
about you know hundred thieves not
representing North America I still think
they're a good team and I still think
you have a lot of veteran town on that
roster I don't know people are worried
about their ad carry specifically I
don't even know if Cody Sonora car is
playing yet but like they were gonna
draw hard with a group regardless and I
think that whether you put cloud nine
and that based on what we saw from cloud
nine right did the North American fans
then suddenly have way more faith right
like I'm just I agree with Draco sin
that you should just be happy with who
you sent like you don't know what
hundred these is gonna show up they've
had a lot of time to practice and they
may surprise so I'm not upset about
sending vitality right like many people
would say no we wanted misfits to go to
Worlds we
wanted whoever it is Schalke to go to
Worlds right but I'm like well vitality
owns it they were consistent they
deserve this botton now it's their
opportunity to prove it they have a
really hard group I'll still be rooting
for them and hoping that they do well so
same groups cry tonight I do want to say
that when I was telling North America
all that help was mostly referring to
liquid not a lot just want to be clear I
do not have any faith one hundred
thieves
whichever ad carry they're playing like
good god bless good luck maybe fnatic
just falls apart and that's how many
game rings at home but otherwise I not a
lot of faith in hundred thieves see that
I now have to say between the TSM
deadline or that headliners they're both
so promising we had a speaking on those
venomoth you think we had shocks on
hotline League this week and she it's a
show that I host I'm sure you guys you
have e euphoria I don't know mark is
great thank you yes yeah he just shows
up and sits there and then fall silly
falls asleep at everyone loves it um but
we had a caller who suggested that Sven
and methey leaving europe-wide have
actually been good for Europe because it
opened up a lot of opportunities for
other players to come to the spotlight
it opened up like the competition a
little bit more and and sort of
different narratives spawned out of
because of the of that and their absence
I I'm just kind of curious if you guys
have any takes on that or if there's any
thought because I actually thought it
was quite provoking and insightful
I don't know yeah so for me like I think
there's definitely argument for being a
good thing because I think when any one
team dominates a region for an extended
period of time in this case g2 every
other team when they're looking to
improve looks at that team for how to
play the game the right way
quote-unquote and I think when spending
math that we were there it was always
kind of the same like smart pretty
diligent macro style and I think with
their departure and kind of the top of
the table being shook up you see fnatic
playing a lot more aggressive and slowly
learning to bring that back vitality a
team who's still super aggressive and I
don't see a world where g2 is five man
strong would have liked would have
dropped enough games for teams to
believe that was the right style and to
take those risks against them so it's I
can't in tribute it entirely to them
leaving but I do think by nature when
any kind of like big dynasty is broken
up it's always gonna shift up how teams
are playing and what teams are willing
to try cool how about you I think my
issue it's fan of myth you leaving is
Lodge D that they played the style that
you talked about and that they
often very controlled and intelligent
and I don't think we have that in your
eye like shout would be the closest
thing that we have to that in Europe
right now but because Spain methey and
g2 had spent so long kind of perfecting
that style and they'd found so much
success with it it would have been nice
to see how that holds up to fanatics new
style and how they shifted and how the
matter evolved and all that stuff and so
I think that while on the one hand it
kind of opens opportunities to like
newer teams I think at the same time our
top teams didn't we no longer have to
established top teams that I like
constantly battling for the top because
like Sony rosters came in this year and
fnatic was the least changed one and so
they kind of dominated both splits they
looked pretty convincing throughout
playoffs and for me I think Europe is
just lacking that second team that can
really rival fnatic and that's what I
think g2 always was and that's kind of
what makes me sad about the departure
and what makes me even sadder as they
went over to North America and then they
couldn't find the same success right and
I hope that they bounce back
I imagine that they'll stay with TSM
next year and I think that they have so
much potential players but they also
just have a very clear idea of how the
game should be played and I think that
until they get out of that mindset they
might be stuck in this because they the
people that they then play with you
would assume learn hats because I
remember speaking with yeah I'm going
off and lots of different analysts ow
sorry
arm is slowly yes I'll answer the
original question
yeah something it opened more
opportunities however I do think you
heard the top of competition for Europe
that is the question answered I have so
many different thoughts we just came off
cast and it's like your minds going a
million million miles a minute trying to
figure out what to say next and so when
you come to one of these interviews it's
really hard not to talk for like 30
minutes straight completely forgotten
the point that's the best yeah it's gone
you've whatever I was gonna say you've
lost it I'm flying Decree so I have to
I've to leave actually I do I actually
have a flight flight to catch but I'm
curious if there's anything that you
guys want to say tuning the fence out
there events concerned about g2
following that general Western fans
anything like that
keep the faith you used to
greater than an A believe it fanatic
will carry us home so that's about it
yeah yeah shout-out to vitality in g2
I wish you both the best you got
difficult drawers g2 struggling other
than that shop dot merged Riot Games
calm for some hoodie everyone else has
to shout out their sponsors we don't
really have a sponsor but we have Riot
Games so get a sick world city very good
yeah and as long as we get good League
of Legends I'm happy I hope Europe do
well my faith is in fnatic I think they
are the fifth best team at Worlds and I
expect them to upset I think they'll
come top of that group so I'm looking
forward to watching fnatic play and I
reckon teams will get better I think
that playing state is the best thing for
Europe so yeah g2 : smash easy-peasy
there we go very good well thank you
guys so much for the interview really
appreciate looking forward to hearing
your cast throughout the rest of Worlds
and for everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
well I am leaving in a couple of hours
with Brodin but I realized that I did
these interviews and they didn't film an
outro at all so now I'm just doing that
from my office I'm really excited about
this trip and I want to thank you dot
Gigi for sending me on it because yes I
got those interviews from the studio but
that's all I'd be doing if it wasn't for
them helping send me over to Korea so
we're gonna be getting those to you soon
again thanks to dia Gigi and be sure to
check out the links in the description
below so that you can support them maybe
follow me on Twitch do whatever all that
and more coming up soon with worlds